Made everything pretty (#333)
lhr-solar/BPS: Docs/source/glossary.rst

  Op-Amp
    An operational amplifier is a circuit element that performs mathematical operations on input voltages. It is most commonly used to increase these inputs by a certain magnitude to make them easier to read by the microcontroller.

  Phase Locked Loop
    The PLL generates an output signal whose phase is related to the input signal. It is used to increase the clock speed of the STM microcontroller.

  Positive Logic 
    Logical 1/true is a high voltage/on and a logic 0/false is a low voltage/false. 

  Printed Circuit Board

>     PCB's electrically connect our systems together and allow us a hardware to run our programs on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    PCB's are copper circuits printed onto non-conductive boards that electrically connect our electronic
    components together and allow us hardware to run our programs on.
```
